this is not soda advertisement
it is not that inside this bottle has a
object is the detail that a
The merchant bought not only this
bottle but many others are also
exact the fire 1.16 packaging was on
inside the fargo I was putting the
drinks to chill and I just realized how
You're noticing she's missing.
due to a small hole that has
in the bottle and put it a kind of
an aquino adhesive exactly placing
range to avoid getting leaking but only
if it is him and only this funnel that neither
Little one does not fit through that hole.
there is no change in it
have at most two at most
three millimeters it size of the hole
in the bottle
I there and saw it had a
thing exactly I just realized by the fact
of it the fact is missing liquid
so I separated for the future
exchange the packaging on the market there
fatah serving dish sealed in the faith
it's just bored it had nothing it would be in the
market that bought exchange
usually not
but how you are missing separated for
then making the switch was that I saw that
something stirred inside the bottle
so that was why there was in total
this dirt and into that thing
disgusting that it is there that they
they found the stateroom, which indicates everything
one belongs to the composition of the liquid
It's the liquid the bottle ended up being
open a small hole in the
bottle where it was even blue
a good part of the liquid has now entered
finished the session inside the
pet bottle and begins the process of
composition of the material then very
this is possibly as residue
process of composition we send to
laboratory to accurately identify
What I wanted right?
but the almost absolute certainty that
treatment of waste and the decomposition of
material that you conclude here looks is a
unusual fact right
aaaah if this object is apparently
an object inside a bottle of
refrigerant and it may be that the
expert made an analysis there with the naked eye
Aissami grandson
now it may be that he is correct
is a problem of decomposition of the
material here has caused the
object inside the bottle as can be
there is no way to discard
packaging problem then the most
correct would be to wait for the result
of the technical examination of the laboratory examination
this examination finds that there has been
one bottling problem around the
person is the owner of this bottle
make the complaint the complaint is better
saying in procon procon to take the
against the manufacturer and may
there is a penalty fine and
future until such
establishments to verify the
that these
products
I received from spaipa sa official note that
spaipa to me please
this note here is the note that the company
of soft drinks sent us to spaipa s / a
informs that she was not contacted by the
establishment by the citizen
Come and bring us the bottle of coca.
and had no access to packaging for
analyze
this can not manifest itself
about the specific case the company
reiterates that it follows the strictest
standards of safety and
integrity in the fabrication of their
products
the factory production lines
have a series of
inspection with electronic equipment
which ensure the quality of products
and reaffirms its commitment to
the quality and well-being of their
consumers always
observing and complying with all
technical and legal requirements applicable to
food being certified
by ISO standard 22000 and places
provision for service by 0800 21
twenty one